##Final questions

1. My code does not have a universe class like the master code.  My code has a single update method, which is in nbody.rb and uses the calculate_force and move methods from the planet class, whereas the master code has an update method in each class.  The way that the code asks for a simulation file is also slightly different, as mine determines whether or not the length of the given argument is greater than zero.  If it is, it sets the simulation to the one provided, if not it defaults to planets.  My simulation always runs in a 640 x 640 window rather than asking for a size.

2.  My code breaks up the calculations into methods differently.  Mine has two methods, a calculate_force method to find the force and a move method which handles acceleration, velocity, and position, rather than a separate method for calculating each item.  The physics calculations are similar, however, my code subtracts new force rather than adding it.  When my code determines position, it takes the opposite of the y position so that the planets rotate the correct direction, unlike the master.  The master code also sets dt as a constant, which mine does not.  To draw the planets, the master uses draw_rot, while mine uses draw.

3.  A Universe class can simplify the nbody.rb file.  The Universe class does all of the advanced code so that the nbody file is just an outline that pulls from other files.  That makes it easier to read and understand.  The extra class does require making an extra file and adding an extra step since the program has to find code in another file rather than running it directly from the nbody file.  However, the universe class allows the code to be reused for another purpose since it is not built into nbody.

4. A major difference in the two versions is how the code is broken up into smaller pieces in the master code.  This includes having an additional universe class and breaking up the physics calculations.  That approach can make the code easier to understand and can make it easier to isolate errors.  My code is in bigger pieces.  That way means less code overall since I don't have to create and call a new method for each thing I want to do.  I find it is easier to write the code in big pieces because I don't like to complicate my code with multiple methods when they will be used together anyway.  Breaking up the physics calculations in the body class does make it more compatible with other programs, but I don't think it's necessary when I will only use the class for one program.

5. I think I am good at working with arrays and doing calculations.  I am comfortable writing code with a lot of arrays, like my card game programs.  Also, I figured out the physics calculations for nbody fairly quickly, because I am good with math and physics.
I'm not very good at keeping my code organized, though.  I try to plan first but it can end up a little confusing.  I think I could better organize my code by using more methods and making an outline.  For example, with my crazy eights code, I didn't use any methods at first, and my code became so confusing that I couldn't understand it.  I made a new file and mostly started over so I could be more organized.
